on Friday in Lviv match metallurgist
Donetsk was not a regular start
twenty fourth championship of Ukraine
among premier league clubs
upcoming football year
will definitely be special
firstly because of the decrease
the number of teams participating in the second of
for the fact that many clubs their home
fights will be forced to hold
other cities
Nevertheless, the start of the season with impatience
everyone is waiting
and football players and coaches and of course
the fans will be the same
championships who will be in it the most
successful
only game
metalhead your starting bout
championship will hold sunday at
Zaporizhia in the field of the local stadium
slavutich arena rival seventh
team last season participant
Europa League draw Luhansk dawn
the rival is definitely a challenging requiring
yourself respect and maximum
concentration on the field our guys this
understand perfectly therefore and preparing
from the first rounds show all
what are capable of
moments were but showed the boy
soccer field
after the sex itself but i hope that everything
Sazykina the sun
it made for us
I forgot about her at home
in our
metalworker of the first football match
years comes after two academic
training camps first our team
trained at its base in high a
then in the south of Austria at the foot of the alpine
all the wards of Igor Rahaev completed all
assigned tasks conducting two-time
coaching while playing and four
sparring strong rivals
it is natural that the main result
networks of hard work should become
positive results in
official matches
seeing a bit
that plants d
appointed Tiraspol
praying mantis information to strange road
this course of events championship on
present
but I hope to stay the order of our outpost
needs goodbye weapons
and for the season from the class will
constantly
starting match calendar for yellow
blue light can not be called
three European Cup members dawn
dynamo also champion country miner just
and test our strength
the team however all the guys on this
look with a positive according to the goalkeeper
Methodist Bogdan Shusta team is very
seriously tuned to
future rivals and will do everything to
them to please their fans
positive results
and I have a very powerful typhoon here
that's what happened and articles
with issued instructions to play
football knows it
closest to waterpolo and china
the premier league that everyone is waiting for finally
starts
the main thing for us is the duel between the gulf
and metalworker will start at 9 o'clock
sunday evening youth team
clubs will play their first match in
Saturday at the local stadium in Kremenchug
Kremenets beginning 13 00